at the end of the day Erik Jones has
come to the conclusion that the flag
waved because David Scott had brushed it
but it seems that Jones can see problems
of this theory the estimated PLSS
locations make it possible that Dave's
elbow could have touched the flag but
just barely if at all it is quite easy
to prove that no physical contact caused
this flag movement the proper guests
have gone out of their way to make my
life more miserable than any of the
government agency would ever hope to as
demonstrated previously they take
pleasure in watching my YouTube accounts
getting wrongly suspended for copyright
infringement and will use my occasional
honest mistakes as evidence for
stupidity or even dishonesty on my part
casing points the Apollo 15 Galileo
experiments
long story short years ago while in
debate I accidentally confused kilograms
with grams and said that a hammer weighs
500 kilograms the individual I was
debating with took the time to make my
honest mistake the subject of ridicule
at the bat astronomy forums and for
years I was harassed and ridiculed with
cheap shots about 500 kilogram hammers
in October 2007 the same four guests
produced a video called
the flag that moved in the video he
implies that the initial movement of the
flag began before David Scott even ran
past it watch
I'll tell you
the one thing he fails to explain in
this video is how the flag moved and in
the forms he has demonstrated that he
doesn't know of course if the initial
movement began before Scott came near
the flag how could it have moved by
physical contact of the astronaut that
alone is a good indication that the
physical contact theory is unequivocally
posited
we know beyond a shadow of a doubt that
this flag did not wave from David Scott
bumping it and every other explanation
has failed under scrutiny with all six
of these theories debunked what other
explanation can we go with
yeah
no Indian
see
in
you